Replace Nitro Group with Carbon Atom. 
Replace Nitro Group with Alkene. 
Replace Nitro Group with Chlorine Atom. 
Replace Nitro Group with Cyano. 
Replace Nitro Group with Fluoroalkane. 
Replace Nitro Group with Fluorine Atom. 
Remove a Nitro Group. 
Replace Guanidine with Alkene. 
Replace Nitro Group with Tertiary Amine. 
Replace Nitro Group with Secondary Amine. 
Replace Nitro Group with Bromine Atom. 
Remove a Guanidine. 
Replace Nitro Group with Carboxylic Acid. 
Replace Nitro Group with Chloroalkane. 
Replace Nitro Group with Bromoalkane. 
Replace Nitro Group with Aliphatic Alcohol. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Carboxylic Acid. 
Replace Nitro Group with Aliphatic Amine. 
Replace Nitro Group with Oxygen Atom. 
Replace Guanidine with Carbon Atom. 
Replace Guanidine with Carboxylic Acid. 
Replace Guanidine with Ketone. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Thioalkyl ether. 
Replace Nitro Group with Ether. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Ketone. 
Replace Guanidine with Acetylide. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Aliphatic Amine. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Carbamate. 
Replace Guanidine with N,N-Dimethylacrylamide. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Amide. 
Replace Nitro Group with Carbamate. 
Replace Nitro Group with Di-alkyl urea. 
Replace Nitro Group with Aromatic Alcohol. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Aliphatic Alcohol. 
Replace Guanidine with Aromatic Alcohol. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with N,N-Dimethylacrylamide. 
Remove a Dialkylaminomethyleneimine. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Nitro Group. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Carbon Atom. 
Replace Nitro Group with Ester. 
Replace Nitro Group with Amide. 
Replace Iodine with Fluorine Atom. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Tertiary Amine. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Alkene. 
Replace Guanidine with Di-alkyl urea. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Secondary Amine. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Ether. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Oxygen Atom. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Aromatic Amine. 
Replace Guanidine with Fluorine Atom. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Sulfonamide. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Bromine Atom. 
Replace Guanidine with Amide. 
Replace Ester with Nitrogen Atom. 
Replace Guanidine with Sulfonate. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Dimethoxymethyl. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Aromatic Aldehyde. 
Replace Ester with Aliphatic Amine. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Aromatic Alcohol. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Chloroalkane. 
Replace Ketone with Aliphatic Amine. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Nitrogen Atom. 
Replace Guanidine with Aromatic Amine. 
Replace Guanidine with Cyano. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Di-alkyl urea. 
Replace Guanidine with Bromoalkane. 
Replace Ester with Aromatic Amine. 
Replace Ketone with Tertiary Amine. 
Replace Ester with Secondary Amine. 
Replace Guanidine with Tertiary Amine. 
Replace Iodine with Cyano. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Acetylide. 
Replace Guanidine with Aromatic Aldehyde. 
Replace Thioalkyl ether with Fluorine Atom. 
Replace Guanidine with Carbamate. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Sulfur Atom. 
Replace Aromatic Aldehyde with Amide. 
Replace Guanidine with Oxygen Atom. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Sulfonate. 
Replace Iodine with Dialkylaminomethyleneimine. 
Replace N,N-Dimethylacrylamide with Aliphatic Amine. 
Replace Aromatic Aldehyde with Di-alkyl urea. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Phosphorus. 
Replace Guanidine with Ester. 
Replace Aromatic Aldehyde with Carboxylic Acid. 
Replace Alkene with Aromatic Alcohol. 
Replace Acetohydroxamate with Oxygen Atom. 
Replace Guanidine with Nitro Group. 
Replace Guanidine with Phosphorus. 
Replace Nitro Group with Ketone. 
Replace Nitro Group with Sulfonamide. 
Replace Ester with Aromatic Alcohol. 
Replace Iodine with Alkene. 
Replace Nitro Group with Dimethoxymethyl. 
Replace Guanidine with Aliphatic Alcohol. 
Replace N,N-Dimethylacrylamide with Aromatic Alcohol. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Fluoroalkane. 
Replace Acetohydroxamate with Aromatic Alcohol. 
Replace Guanidine with Sulfonamide. 
Replace Dialkylaminomethyleneimine with Acetohydroxamate. 
